streamlit app using Table Transformer and OCR (#200)
NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials: Table Transformer/README.md

The only difference is that the Table Transformer applies a "normalize before" operation, which means that layernorms are applied before,
rather than after MLPs/attention.

> To download Table as a CSV file, theres a [DEMO](https://huggingface.co/spaces/SalML/TableTransformer2CSV) on HuggingFace space based on the Table Transformer+OCR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To automatically parse a table and turn it into a CSV file, check out [this demo](https://huggingface.co/spaces/SalML/TableTransformer2CSV) on HuggingFace Spaces based on the Table Transformer + OCR.
```
